because it represented two core pillars of the economy, a shadow fiscal system and a shadow financial system.
Something like 90% of local government debt is tied to real estate, and 70% of national debt is tied to real estate.
And talking about this, coming back to this mayor economy, political economy model, there was an urbanization craze.
They actually went through, they went from industrialization craze to urbanization craze because property becoming even easier source of revenue.
And so when that came down, it brought really down to pillars of the economy.
So stabilizing real estate is absolutely crucial.
In a good scenario, five to seven years, stabilizing, trying to come about.
Now, you're already seeing signs to seven years, counting starting from 2022.
So we're halfway in the good scenario.
And that's coming from international data. That scenario will be 10 years, so I think if you look at the wealth effect,